Update Access Control based on review comments (#1794)
emqtt/emq-docs-cn: en_US/access-control/authz/http.md

  - `deny`: Deny Publish or Subscribe.
  - `ignore`: Ignore this request, it will be handed over to the next authorizer.
- If the HTTP Status Code is `204`, it means that this Publish or Subscribe request is allowed.

> - HTTP Status Codes other than `200` and `204`, mean "not match", for example, this authorizer is not applied.

Reviewer: @savonarola Please confirm
```suggestion
- HTTP Status Codes other than `200` and `204`, mean "ignore", for example, this HTTP service not available.
```
